Insert quarter to continue.
Uh-oh, I know your data is in here somewhere...
Re-calibrating the internet...
QUIET!!! I'm trying to think here!
We apologize for the quality of these messages. Those responsible have been sacked.
Counting backwards from infinity...
Who is General Failure and why is he reading your hard disk?
Don't panic...
Deterministically simulating all possible futures...
Water detected on C: drive. Spin dry commencing. Please stand by.
Generating a new, funnier message...
Simulating an actual loading screen...
Randomly relocating system files...
Oops, probably shouldn't have deleted that.
Your time is important to us. Please hold.
Scanning browser history... Generating ad content... Enjoy the goats!
Loading a new loading screen...
Please wait, baking a fresh batch of cookies...
Generating fresh cat memes...
Recalculating pi...
Creating Universe (this may take some time.)
Caching internet locally...
Transporting you 6 seconds into the future...
Commencing infinite loop (this may take some time.)
I'm quite drunk, loading may take a while longer. Please be patient!
Communing with nature...
Spinning the wheel of fortune...
Starting missile launch sequence in 10, 9, 8...
Increasing processing speed to 88 miles per hour...
The internet is currently at capacity. Please wait for the next available opening.
Installing the enchanted bunny...
Please wait while this nice invisible progress bar slowly fills to 100%...
Gah, go read a book, I'm nearly finished!
Oh, no! Motr loading screens...
Please wait, the bits are still breeding...
Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain.
A few bits tried to escape, but we caught them!
Would you like fries with that?
Verifying the gravitational constant in your locale...
Fun Fact: the server is powered by a lemon and two electrodes.
...while a larger software vendor in Seattle takes over the world.
Testing your patience...
Loading... as if you had any other choice.
While you wait, please take a moment to sign up for our lovely raffles!
Still loading... You probably have time to go make a sandwich.
Please wait while the satellites move into position.
Please wait, the bits are flowing slower than usual today.
Reticulating splines...
Have fun, play OCTGN!
Removing FBI tracking devices...
Installing FBI tracking devices...
Renaming all your important files...
Go grab a coffee, you deserve it.
Dividing by zero...
Please wait while we shovel more coal into the server...
WARNING: Power failure at server, must replace hamsters...
Please wait, googling a funnier loading message.
Please wait while the server returns from its coffee run.
Loading complete.  ...HAHAHAHA, just kidding!
Help! I'm being held hostage in here!
I'm a personality prototype. You can tell, can't you.
I've calculated your chance of survival, but I don't think you'll like it.
Brain the size of a planet, and they ask me to write these dumb messages...
Calibrating giant laser, please wait...
Please wait... those last few were quite a doozy.
Now loading... Have you considered going outside today?
DDoS'ing the OCTGN game server... for the lulz.
Installing Justin Bieber desktop theme...
Are you a morning person?
Gotta be honest with you, I'm not really in a 'loading' mood today.
Ask nicely and maybe I'll load faster next time.
Shouldn't you be sleeping?
What are you staring at?
You're my best friend.  Love, OCTGN <3
For loading messages in English, please press 1.
Loading waaaaaay more data than necessary...
Calculating a reasonable loading time...
Making OCTGN great again, please wait...
INSERT LOADING MESSAGE HERE
ERROR 533b: Loading Message Not Found
Surrendering to the robotic overlords...
Loading a slightly worse alternate universe...
Please wait, uninstalling our competitors' software...
Oadinglay Easeplay Aitway
tiaw esaelp gnidaol
Checking for updates that will probably break OCTGN...
I don't even get paid to write these!
Level up! Loading Speed +3
Admit it, you enjoy loading screens...
Vacuuming the game lobby...
Randomly swapping your card images...
Installing an even worse card shuffler...
Resleeving your saved decks...
Desleeving your saved decks...
Renaming your OCTGN username to 'Netdecker1337'...
Did you know: You can zoom the game table with a scroll wheel.
Did you know: You can zoom the game table with a scroll wheel.
Did you know: You can zoom the game table with a scroll wheel.
Did you know: You can move/pan the game table by holding spacebar.
Did you know: You can move/pan the game table by holding spacebar.
Did you know: You can move/pan the game table by holding spacebar.
Did you know: You can target a card by shift-clicking it.
Did you know: You can target a card by shift-clicking it.
Did you know: You can target a card by shift-clicking it.
Did you know: You can draw an arrow between two cards by shift-dragging.
Did you know: You can draw an arrow between two cards by shift-dragging.
Did you know: You can draw an arrow between two cards by shift-dragging.
Did you know: You can resize the height of the chat box in a game.
Did you know: You can resize the height of the chat box in a game.
Did you know: You can resize the height of the chat box in a game.
Did you know: Subscribers can change card images by dragging an image file onto the card in the deck editor.
Did you know: Subscribers can change card images by dragging an image file onto the card in the deck editor.
Did you know: Subscribers can change card images by dragging an image file onto the card in the deck editor.
